probably the new high-end title for PC
gaming the one that really stresses
stretches your graphics hardware's Metro
2033 and obviously expanding from a
single monitor to three monitors is
really just going to make that that much
worse that much more dramatic of
performance hit in fact Nvidia is
recommending even in 2d mode that the
game run at 4800 by 900 as opposed to 57
60 by 1,800 which is what we're running
at here triple-a anti-aliasing and I
think we're on high image quality
settings supposed to ha very high and
the game looks very good the three
panels
I feel like add a lot of kind of depth
and immersion to the game maybe not
necessarily in this tunnel world or this
tunnel section but once we get out of
here you just you just have the ability
to see more than you normally would
great for first-person shooters single
player and I'm sure there's still the
debate raging about whether or not this
should be used for multiplayer games in
3d mode actually metro 2033 is one of
the more impressive games that I've
actually tested whether or not it's in
surround mode or just standard 3d vision
it actually works really well one of the
effects that they implement in this
title is involves particles that kind of
look like dust particles as they float
in the air and it actually does a very
good job of implementing those in 3d so
that you kind of want to reach out and
grab them there's one instance of it
right there and again just because the
game is so power hungry doing it in
surround mode with 3d vision enabled
means that it is going to run
significantly slower than it would
otherwise and you'll probably have to
adjust image quality settings down to
you know 4,800 by 900
maybe disable anti-aliasing as much as
you can that type of thing
the snow effects actually did a pretty
good job in 3d as well of some of them
appearing close and some of them
appearing distant
you